c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\particles\electron.xnb
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\particles\neutron.xnb
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\particles\proton.xnb
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Atomicus.exe
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Atomicus.pdb
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Atomicus\Atomicus\obj\x86\Debug\Atomicus.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Atomicus\Atomicus\obj\x86\Debug\Atomicus.exe
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Atomicus\Atomicus\obj\x86\Debug\Atomicus.pdb
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\dottedRectangle.xnb
F:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\dottedRectangle.xnb
F:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\particles\electron.xnb
F:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\particles\neutron.xnb
F:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\particles\proton.xnb
F:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Atomicus.exe
F:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Atomicus.pdb
F:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
F:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
F:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
F:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
F:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
F:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
F:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
F:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
F:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
F:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
F:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
F:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
F:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
F:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
F:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
F:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
F:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
F:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
F:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
F:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
F:\Atomicus\Atomicus\obj\x86\Debug\Atomicus.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\Atomicus\Atomicus\obj\x86\Debug\Atomicus.exe
F:\Atomicus\Atomicus\obj\x86\Debug\Atomicus.pdb
G:\Atomicus\Atomicus\obj\x86\Debug\Atomicus.exe
G:\Atomicus\Atomicus\obj\x86\Debug\Atomicus.pdb
G:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\dottedRectangle.xnb
G:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\particles\electron.xnb
G:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\particles\neutron.xnb
G:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\particles\proton.xnb
G:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Atomicus.exe
G:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Atomicus.pdb
G:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
G:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
G:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
G:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
G:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
G:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
G:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
G:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
G:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
G:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
G:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
G:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
G:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
G:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
G:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
G:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
G:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
G:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
G:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
G:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
G:\Atomicus\Atomicus\obj\x86\Debug\Atomicus.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
G:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\arial12.xnb
F:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\arial12.xnb
F:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\squareBorder.xnb
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Atomicus\Atomicus\obj\x86\Debug\Atomicus.exe
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Atomicus\Atomicus\obj\x86\Debug\Atomicus.pdb
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Atomicus.exe.config
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\arial12.xnb
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\dottedRectangle.xnb
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\squareBorder.xnb
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\particles\electron.xnb
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\particles\neutron.xnb
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\particles\proton.xnb
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Atomicus.exe
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Atomicus.pdb
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Atomicus\Atomicus\obj\x86\Debug\Atomicus.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Atomicus.exe.config
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Atomicus\Atomicus\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\particles\photon.xnb
